<h1>Protocols from Daily & Weekly meetings</h1>

RM = Requirements Manager
CE = Chief Engineer
QCM = Quality & Configuration Manager
VVM = Validation & Verification Manager
SM = Safty Manager

<h2>2025-09-10</h2>
In today's meeting, we talked about what each role does so that we can have an overview of what everyone is responsible for. 

<h2>2025-09-11</h2>
Today we discussed our current progress and planned the tasks for today and the rest of the week. We agreed to continue reviewing Luiz’s reports on swarm drones, and we scheduled a meeting with him on 09-12 to ask questions and clarify everything before beginning the work. 

<h2>2025-09-12</h2>
Today we discussed how things are going. Everything is going as planned, and no one has encountered any difficulties. We spun the wheel to select who will bring fika for Monday’s weekly meeting, and it’s Andrea.   

<h2>2025-09-15 (Weekly meeting)</h2>
We had our weekly meeting. Everything is going as planned. Claire presented her SQL system for the requirements.
Availability this week: 
<ul>
  <li>Claire (RM) = 80% (will be working on Wendsday.) </li>
  <li>Andrea (CE) = 100% </li> 
  <li>Yonatan (QCM) = 100% </li>
  <li>Emily (VV) = 100% (Will be going on Tuesday to Stockholm to learn about how companys work with risk analysis. The company she is going to is called Multers).</li> 
  <li>Esaias (SM) = roughly 80% (Has leacturs on Wensday and Friday on a extra course)</li>
</ul>

<h2>2025-09-17</h2>
Today the Chief Engineer and the Quality & Configuration Manager attended the meeting. The Chief Engineer is working on sketches of the V-model and the plan that will be included in the project plan. The Quality & Configuration Manager has added some quality checklists and is working on the quality and configuration management plan. 

<h2>2025-09-18</h2>
In today’s meeting, we talked about how to sort the requirements links in SQL. The Safety Manager will have a meeting with Julieth Castellanos about the standards we intend to use. 

<h2>2025-09-19</h2>
In today’s meeting, we first discussed how the meeting with Julieth went. We received useful information regarding the standards we use. We also reviewed everyone’s progress and clarified some confusion about our own deadlines for certain tasks. Finally, we spun the wheel, and Claire (Requirements Manager) was selected to bring fika for 2025-09-22.

<h2>2025-09-22</h2>
We had our weekly meeting, and the Requirement Manager brought fika. Everyone is working on their respective plans without any problems. During the meeting, we received information from the examiner regarding the review of the plan and created tasks based on this feedback.
Availability this week:
<ul>
  <li>Claire (RM) = 80% (will be working on Wendsday.) </li>
  <li>Andrea (CE) = 100% </li> 
  <li>Yonatan (QCM) = 100% </li>
  <li>Emily (VV)= 100% </li> 
  <li>Esaias (SM) = roughly 80% (Has leacturs on Wensday and Friday on a extra course)</li>
</ul>

<h2>2025-09-23</h2>
The chief engineer found a drone that we can use as an example for this project, which the safety manager approved. There was an issue when the chief engineer renamed files on GitHub, which affected the Requirement Manager’s work on SQL, but it has been resolved. As a result, we now have a new rule: if someone works on a task that is assigned to another person, they must add that person as a reviewer before committing on GitHub. 

<h1>Implementation Phase</h1>
<h2>2025-10-06</h2>
The Safety Manager brought some fika. We discussed what to do during this phase.
